README.md, before:

# OctoPrint-BedReady

Plugin that uses the camera and opencv to determine if the bed matches a reference image indicating that the bed is clear and ready to start a print.

![Screenshot Bed Not Ready](screenshot_bed_not_ready.png)

For the plugin to work properly add `@BEDREADY` at the beginning of your slicer's start gcode. For best results add gcode to your slicer's end gcode to position the head out of the way for the next comparison.

**NOTE:** Lighting, camera view angle changes, and filament color that is similar to the bed can impact accuracy; adjust the Match Percentage setting below to compensate.

## Setup

Install via the bundled [Plugin Manager](https://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/bundledplugins/pluginmanager.html)
or manually using this URL:

    https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedReady/archive/master.zip

## Configuration

![Settings Screenshot](screenshot_settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker by clicking issues above.

## Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

---

## Sponsors
- Andreas Lindermayr
- [@Mearman](https://github.com/Mearman)
- [@TheTuxKeeper](https://github.com/thetuxkeeper)
- [@tideline3d](https://github.com/tideline3d/)
- [SimplyPrint](https://simplyprint.dk/)
- [Andrew Beeman](https://github.com/Kiendeleo)
- [Calanish](https://github.com/calanish)
- [Will O](https://github.com/4wrxb)
- [Lachlan Bell](https://lachy.io/)
- [Johnny Bergdal](https://github.com/bergdahl)
- [Leigh Johnson](https://github.com/leigh-johnson)
- [Stephen Berry](https://github.com/berrystephenw)
- [Guyot François](https://github.com/iFrostizz)
- César Romero
- [Steve Dougherty](https://github.com/Thynix)
- [Kyle Menigoz](https://menigoz.me)
## Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com

You can use [this](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_xclick&business=jneilliii@gmail.com) link too. But the normal PayPal fee will be deducted.
</small>

Commit message:

add test snapshot and related readme updates

README.md, after:

# OctoPrint-BedReady

Plugin that uses the camera and opencv to determine if the bed matches a reference image indicating that the bed is clear and ready to start a print.

![Screenshot Bed Not Ready](screenshot_bed_not_ready.png)

For the plugin to work properly add `@BEDREADY` at the beginning of your slicer's start gcode. For best results add gcode to your slicer's end gcode to position the head out of the way for the next comparison.

**NOTE:** Lighting, camera view angle changes, and filament color that is similar to the bed can impact accuracy; adjust the Match Percentage setting below to compensate.

## Setup

Install via the bundled [Plugin Manager](https://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/bundledplugins/pluginmanager.html)
or manually using this URL:

    https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedReady/archive/master.zip

## Configuration

![Settings Screenshot](screenshot_settings.png)

Use the Test Snapshot button to compare the currently stored Reference Image with the bed.

![Test Results](screenshot_test_results.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker by clicking issues above.

## Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

---

## Sponsors
- Andreas Lindermayr
- [@Mearman](https://github.com/Mearman)
- [@TheTuxKeeper](https://github.com/thetuxkeeper)
- [@tideline3d](https://github.com/tideline3d/)
- [SimplyPrint](https://simplyprint.dk/)
- [Andrew Beeman](https://github.com/Kiendeleo)
- [Calanish](https://github.com/calanish)
- [Will O](https://github.com/4wrxb)
- [Lachlan Bell](https://lachy.io/)
- [Johnny Bergdal](https://github.com/bergdahl)
- [Leigh Johnson](https://github.com/leigh-johnson)
- [Stephen Berry](https://github.com/berrystephenw)
- [Guyot François](https://github.com/iFrostizz)
- César Romero
- [Steve Dougherty](https://github.com/Thynix)
- [Kyle Menigoz](https://menigoz.me)
## Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com

You can use [this](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_xclick&business=jneilliii@gmail.com) link too. But the normal PayPal fee will be deducted.
</small>
